hi guys I'm Catie Wayne and this is
animalist news by now I'm sure that you
have all heard of the oculus rift the
virtual reality headset that allows
users to look around a space and feel as
if they are actually in that space this
relatively new piece of technology is
seen as the future for video games but
it may now be seen as the future for
chickens well kind of she said with a
sigh of relief
Boston Stuart presented his idea which
he calls second livestock as a way to
let batterie chickens experience and
feel like free-range chickens without
actually letting them be free-range
chickens the simulation will include
virtual grass virtual bugs other virtual
chickens to interact with and virtual
food that will be placed on a route that
will line up with the food they are
being fed in real life they will put the
chickens on an omnidirectional treadmill
and let them pretend all of their
suffering way the very obvious question
that any regular person has when
presented with this information is
rather than spending all of this money
to let the chickens pretend to be
free-range why don't you just let them
be free-range
well there are supposedly too many
chickens in the United States to let
them all be free-range and this is where
Stuart got his idea from he wanted to
create the technology to raise the
question how do we know what is best or
humane treatment and also how we treat
ourselves we live in these little boxes
just like chickens
even though would be far too expensive
to implement the full system in order
for the question to seem real he needed
to prove that the technology was
possible and real the question seems sir
so tell me you guys how do we know what
is best or humane treatment do you think
that chickens deserve to be cooped up in
tiny little boxes shut out from reality
do we please let me know in the comments
below also be sure to check out these
videos over here this one in particular
I mean you click that one but if you
click this one it'll take you over to
fandom beat new channel I'm over there
and also you could subscribe but mostly
click here love you and we'll see you
next time bye
nah I do not like her well just as a
character yeah I mean well like her
recklessness despite the fact that she
doesn't know what she's doing yeah
combined with her Japanese as
voice-acting with that little little
oh it's like Oh